AWS Lambda update (#1982)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/index.md

3. Now we need to create the lambda function itself, will do so in N.Virginia Region (code us-east-1).

>     In Lambda Management, create a new function Mylambda, there will be no blueprint as we are going to paste the code below (which is an example code snippet); for the execution role let's choose an existing role specifically LambdaExecutor created previously.

Reviewer: Maybe just "we are going to paste the sample code below" for simplicity? Or "example code".

>     **Note**: The following code snippet is only an example. Kong AWS Lambda plugin supports all runtimes provided by AWS. See the list of runtimes in the AWS Lambda > Functions > Create function dialog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: The following code snippet is only an example. The Kong AWS Lambda plugin supports all runtimes provided by AWS. See the list of runtimes in the **AWS Lambda** > **Functions** > **Create function** dialog. 
```

    Test the lambda function from the AWS console and make sure the execution succeeds.

> 4. Finally we setup a Service and Route in Kong and link it to the function just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Finally we set up a Service and Route in Kong and link it to the function just created.
```
